made edits (#269)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/header-inject-remove-task.adoc

= Header Injection
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

[width="100%", cols="5,15"]
|===
>s| Policy Name | Header Injection
>s|Summary      | Adds headers to a request or a response
>s|Category | Transformation
>s| First Mule version available | 4.1.0
.1+>.^s| Returned Status Codes

> |

Reviewer: This policy can return a 500 HTTP status code if the configuration includes an expression that fails to be evaluated.

Author: Done! Thanks!

|===

//any ret codes to add here Mariano?
    
The Header Injection policy adds headers to the request or response of the message. When you configure this policy for your API, you must specify an inbound and outbound map of the headers that you want to add in the message processing in the form of a key-value pair. 

image::header-inject-remove-diagram.png[]

> You can optionally include Mule runtime engine (Mule) expressions for Mule 3.0 and DataWeave expressions for Mule 4.0 in the value of the header:

Reviewer: shouldn't we order mule 4 expressions first?

Author: Good point! Done! Thanks!

`“#[attributes.requestPath]”`

== How This Policy Works

> If the injected header already exists in the message attributes, the policy creates a new header without overriding the value of the existing one. This action creates two headers with the same name. To overwrite the value of a header, you must remove it before injecting the header.  

Reviewer: Shouldn't we reiterate that the policy will add the desired header in the specified pointcut (request or response)? Then continue with what happens if the header is already present?

Reviewer: Also, do we want to point out to the removal policy to guide the user on how to remove the header first?

Author: Done! Thanks!

> = Header Injection 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
= Header Injection Policy
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> 

Reviewer 2: Is this one of many policy reference topics, that begin with a table this way, or are there just the two? It's an unusual format.

Author: Discussed in person. Leaving as is.

[width="100%", cols="5,15"]
|===

> >s| Policy Name | Header Injection

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>s|Policy name | Header Injection
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

>s|Summary      | Adds headers to a request or a response
>s|Category | Transformation

> >s| First Mule version available | 4.1.0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>s|First Mule version available | 4.1.0
```

Reviewer 2: Does the space before the text in the first column cells matter?

Author: It doesn't seem to, but I fixed it anyhow.

.1+>.^s| Returned Status Codes

[%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a"]
!===
.1+>.^! 500 ! Configuration includes an expression that was not evaluated.
! The provided expression in the configuration was not validated. +
!===

|===

The Header Injection policy adds HTTP headers to the request or response of a message. When you configure this policy for your API, you must specify an inbound and outbound map of the headers that you want to add in the message processing in the form of a key-value pair:

image::header-inject-remove-diagram.png[]

> You can optionally include DataWeave expressions for Mule 4.0 and Mule runtime engine (Mule) expressions for Mule 3.0 and in the value of the header:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can optionally include DataWeave expressions (Mule 4.0) or Mule runtime engine expressions (Mule 3.0) in the header:
```
Does the header includes a key-value pair "map" that indicates whether the message is inbound or outbound, and can optionally include expressions whose format depends on which version of Mule the audience is using? What kind of expressions? To what purpose?

Can all the text here be more simply replaced by....

Use the Header Injection policy to add headers to your inbound and outbound messages. Include a key-value pair as a map (?), and optionally include either DataWeave expressions (Mule 4.x) or Mule expressions (Mule 3.x) to further identify the message.

Author: Leaving as is..

`“#[attributes.requestPath]”`

> In this example, all the headers matching the configured expression are injected to the message.

Reviewer 2: Are message headers ADDED or INJECTED? Clarify and use just one term.

Reviewer 2: Back to "configured expressions"...I understood earlier that you could add an expression to a message header to further identify it (in addition to the key-value pair in the header). But this sentence implies that there is more than one header (?) with the same expression, and that all of them are included in the message header?

Author: 1. The policy name in the UI is called Header Injection, so I want to use the term inject rather than add.
2. Explained the whole process to you on the call.

> == How This Policy Works

Reviewer 2: This title is misleading. The text that follows does not describe how the policy works, but rather one circumstance of applying the policy.

Author: Keeping it as is

In some cases, you might need to xref::header-removal-policy.adoc[remove] a header from a message before you inject the header.

> If the injected header already exists in the message attributes, the policy creates a new header without overriding the value of the existing one. This action creates two headers with the same name. To overwrite the value of a header, you must remove it before injecting the header.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To overwrite an existing message header xref::header-removal-policy.adoc[remove] the existing header before you add your header.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

[NOTE]
====

> Comma separated values are not considered multiple values by the Mule HTTP Connector.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Comma-separated values are not considered multiple values by the Mule HTTP Connector.
```
...but how does this apply to the previous text? 
What comma-separated values? 
And how does Anypoint Connector for Mule become part of the discussion?

Author: Moved it to after the table. Done! Thanks!

====

// image::inbound-header-map.png[]

// image::outbound-header-map.png[]

//Anything to add here?

== Configuring Policy Parameters

> When you apply the Header Injection policy to your API from the UI, you can configure the following parameters:

Reviewer 2: Why did the text not earlier specify that the policy is applied to your API from the UI?
And if you include a table for the name, summary, category, and first use, why not just add the parameters there as well?
```suggestion
To create your Header Injection policy, configure the following parameters:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

[%header%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a"]
|===

> | Parameter | Description 

Reviewer 2: Are these the actual UI labels (* *) or syntax parameters (` `)? 
The way they are currently formatted, it looks like they are neither, but rather just parameter types, and if that is the case, they should not be init. capped.

Author: There are parameters in the UI, so I have capitalized them as is. Thanks! Done!

> |Inbound Header Map  | The key-value pair for the inbound header, for example, `in-header(key):3(value)`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Inbound header map  | The key-value pair for the inbound header, for example, `in-header(key):3(value)`
```

Author: No that's how it is displayed in the UI.

> |Outbound Header Map | The key-value pair for the outbound header, for example, `out-header(key):4(value)`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Outbound header map | The key-value pair for the outbound header, for example, `out-header(key):4(value)`
```

Author: That's how it is the UI, with init caps.

> |Method & Resource conditions |The option to add configurations to only a select few or all methods and resources of the API

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Method and resource conditions |The option to add configurations to only a select few or all methods and resources of the API
```
...but what does this mean? This is not described earlier, unless it refers to the "optional expressions" that you add using DataWeave (Mule 4.x) or Mule (Mule 3.x). Clarify. 
GLOBALLY avoid referring to something in more than one way; it is very confusing to your audience.

Author: Discussed over the call. Leaving it as is.

|===

> 

Reviewer 2: Going forward, let's talk about the format of this topic. I get the same feeling here as I get with your troubleshooting topics: that these are really just Reference topics that need to be reduced to data rather than narrative.

Instead of ...:
Title
table of policy specifications
text describing how policy parameters work
"How...Works," which is really just a warning about duplicating headers
table of parameters

You could easily have...:

Title
Table of specifications and parameters
Brief text describing parameters, if necessary.

Reviewer 2: What I don't see in this parameter table is more about adding the expressions: why?
Or anything about comma-separated values....
And I don't see any information earlier about "add configurations to only a select few or all methods and resources of the API," so what is this?
